hi this is press talker can you figure
out the cheap necklace problem you have
four chains consisting of three links in
each chain your job is to combine all of
these to form one necklace that's a
continuous chain of all 12 links now in
order to do so
you will have to open up and close some
of the links it costs you two cents to
open a link and three cents to close it
you might figure out a way that you
could do this the puzzle for you is to
figure out the least it will cost you to
join them all into one continuous chain
here are some answer choices 12 cents 15
cents 18 cents and 20 cents what I want
you to do when you figure out the answer
is click on the value and that will
bring you to a video which will tell you
whether your solution is correct you can
either click on the values in the video
or if you can't do that I provided links
in the video description or you can
check the associated informational cards
on this video so what's the answer what
is the least it will cost you to join
all of these twelve links into one
continuous necklace